Tonight:

1: I would like to see if I can ultimately get the sensor to work or not. So far it has not worked, but could potentially be fixed
in the code

2: finish quartz composer patch and attach to video mapping program Resolume so I can import and use on heart shape.

For the Final:

1: (if) heart beat monitor works, then hopefully I can make the whole project work for next week in a workable format. If not, 
then at least make everything work that I can and "fake" the heartbeat and be able to show that at least. 

Saturday edit:

We have decided that the best course of action would be to have a Json importer in Quartz Composer take the data from the beaglebone 
and input it so I can use it for Quartz. Currently trying to setup a simple Json server to send data to Quartz which it
can be listening for. This will take the culled down heartbeat data and apply it to the visual images I use in QUartz to create it. 


Final class:
pros:
I was able to make the sensor connect to the beaglebone, and receive data. I was also able to make a quartz composer patch that would
take my heartbeat data and disply a color wave. 

cons:
I was not able to connect the beaglebone via a JSON server to the computer though, and this has remained a challenge. I do not
like providing excuses, but I will admit my mind this last week has been occupied since I had 2 friends pass away. 

I am happy to report though that this project will see its day in the sun, I would like to continue this project and display
it as public art in the future, potentially on the greenway in Boston. I have the means to do this, and creating the
project is something I know will occur. I will likely ask for addtional help when I come back and would like help create this 
in fruition. 


Final submission: 

This class has been great, and I have done all I can to make this work in the time period of the class, unfortunately I still 
have to work on the JSON server to make it work correctly, but I will be working on this while in Europe. The heartbeat sensor
section works, and I am happy with the result. I have pushed out examples of the Art piece, and of the mapped projection
piece for your review. I expect this art piece to make its way to the Greenway next summer and I will be working on various
parts of it till then to make it production worthy. As the Public is the final client for this piece, it needs to be easy
to comprehend as well as universally designed to allow all people of all types to interact with it. I will be creating 
the podium (where the beaglebone will be located) to be able to reached by both children and people in wheelchairs. Also 
upon further research, I believe I will be using a differnt heart beat monitor to interact with the crowd (the first oen did
not work (as we know) and I need it to be easy to use. There is one made by adafruit that likely will be in use later on. 
The only issue I currently still have is the process to use the JSON server to connect with my computer, but this I consider a
challenge I am excited for. 

Thank you again for help with this project, and unfortunately I will not be able to make it to the dinner since I will not
be here next week. I would hope I can still ask you questions about this project as I have them to further it if I get stuck.

Thank you again. 
